Honor it as always.
Go ahead and go over what our objective is here.
You'll see that we are going to be given an array of integers and what we want to do is find this very
complicated formula.
And if you're wondering this is not my stuff.
I get these from code you know sites like code 5 code or is free code camp where I've solved algorithms
and I've added some additional things make sense here.
Basically what this is asking is please return the median value.
So you'll see and if it's smaller Frazetta if it's not if it's smaller and there's true value such as
an even array where we have four in seven return the smaller the left side portion.
And the hardest part about this is just understand the question.
So that's basically what's going on here we have to 4:07 we get return before we have to force 7:6 we
get another return of four and
all right.
So we have or absolute values some mineralization a very long intimidating name along with that long
intimidating algorithm but perhaps five seconds.
Realize it's not as bad as it may seem.
But the question itself is a good example of somebody who wrote something in a technical way that can
be explained very simply and so simply speaking what we're trying to do here is we're trying to get
the median value in in a way.
And one way that we're going to deal with median values when it's an even array's we're just going to
take the left element because we'll have two numbers.
So how do we find out if it's even or odd what we can do something like this.
So we can create This is even a variable and in here we're going to check the length of our number.
And while we're at it let's go ahead turn on Koca sort Koca EF 1 and start it as a free plug in.
So if you want to follow along like I am you can do.
You can use it like so I'll be doing this in typescript.
They do have a paid version I actually don't know if this typescript just paid or not.
Will continue on.
But you can do this in javascript for free.
I know that much so you'll see here.
At length modulo 2 is equal equal to zero.
So that's going to give us if this is even or odd and right now you didn't come in for the time being
turning undefined because we haven't had a return and we're going to have a return here that's going
to say hey you know is even.
And then this will be a turn Airi.
And what we're going to do to return the number is if it is even we want to take the length of our array.
Divide it by two to get to the half and then minus 1 because that's going to it's going to evenly divide.
But then we're going to be right in the middle and we want the one to the left right.
So that's why we're going to do that.
Now if it's on we're going to do this or here for and take this and because three divided by you know
two for instance which we're going to do is not going to be a even number and we need it to be.
We need to be even so we can get the index and take that and use math for this will give us the value
and we can check our check or other solutions here to see if we're getting the right value and everything's
good.
Everything's working.
That's one way of solving it.
I think it's a pretty straightforward intuitive way.
The hardest part about this one is probably just understanding the question.
At first glance.